content/pages/about/index.mdx, before:

---
title: About
slug: "/about"
---

Hi! I'm Dinda Tisi Calista.

I am a full stack data science/analytics professional. I specialize in product & marketing analytics topics and have spent the majority of my career using data to support decision makers in those areas.

I studied Business Analytics at UCL and currently work at [trivago](https://www.reuters.com/companies/TRVG.O) HQ in Germany. Prior to this, I worked at a [SouthEast Asia's Unicorn](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/go-jek) and an [AI startup](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/wild-2) in London. 

At work I make slides to deliver insights, crunch data, or code & develop models. But in my leisure time, I drown myself into wide array of hobbies. I play several musical instruments, mainly piano (I love Chopin and Bach!) and guitar, as well as read books (mostly classics literature or my list on Goodreads). In addition, I used to play sports a lot. During my undergraduate years, I won table tennis silver medal in campus sport olympiad.

I'm always happy to discuss interesting projects / ideas. Reach me out at *dinda@hey.com*.

Commit message:

update about and add new old post

content/pages/about/index.mdx, after:

---
title: About
slug: "/about"
---

Hi! I'm Dinda Tisi Calista.

I am a full stack data science/analytics professional. I specialize in product & marketing analytics topics and have spent the majority of my career using data to support decision makers in those areas.

I studied Business Analytics at UCL and currently work at [trivago](https://www.reuters.com/companies/TRVG.O) HQ in Germany. Prior to this, I worked at a [SouthEast Asia's Unicorn](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/go-jek) and an [AI startup](https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/wild-2) in London. 

At work I make slides to deliver insights, crunch data, or code & develop models. But in my leisure time, I drown myself into wide array of hobbies. I play several musical instruments, mainly piano (I love Chopin and Bach!) and guitar, as well as read books (mostly classics literature or my list on Goodreads). In addition, I used to play sports a lot. During my undergraduate years, I won table tennis silver medal in campus sport olympiad.

I write mostly in English, but sometimes I also write in Bahasa Indonesia. You can filter my Bahasa post through the `Bahasa Indonesia` tag.

I'm always happy to discuss interesting projects / ideas. Reach me out at *dinda@hey.com*.
